Misc fixes (#133)
UKGovernmentBEIS/beis-opss-psd: README.md

### Design system

> This project uses the [GOV.UK design system](https://design-system.service.gov.uk). The css and javascript are imported directly, and the macros have been ported as [rails compatible versions](https://github.com/UKGovernmentBEIS/govuk-design-system-rails).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses the [GOV.UK design system](https://design-system.service.gov.uk). The CSS and JavaScript assets are imported directly, and the macros have been ported as [Rails compatible components](https://github.com/UKGovernmentBEIS/govuk-design-system-rails).
```
